draft_en.rst, before:

A libre communication service for Bolivia
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

1. Purpose of this document
```````````````````````````
The purpose of this document is to describe the architecture of a communication service designed for the public administration of Bolivia.

The document is structured as follows.
Section 2 introduces the general context and analyses the legislative framework with regard to the Bolivian digital agenda.
Section 3 examines in detail the group of services included in the architecture.
Section 4 analyses the main requirements considered in the definition of the IT infrastructure.
Section 5 describes the architecture of the services.
Finally, section 6 discusses the deployment logistics and challenges.

2. Introduction
```````````````

Today’s technology is having an increasing impact on society. 
We are witnessing great advancements in telephony, networking, instant messaging and other communication channels. 
Electronic communication is transforming the way we work, the way we learn and the way we relate to each other. 
As a consequence, technology is also changing the way government delivers services to its people. 

2.1 Legislative framework
-------------------------

2.2 State of the art
--------------------

3. Services
```````````

3.1 E-mail
----------

imap smtp
description

standards

replaced technology

population served

human resources required

3.2 Chat
--------
xmpp

3.3 Phone calls
---------------
xmpp sip

3.4 Video calls
---------------
xmpp sip

3.5 Contact management
----------------------
ldap openid

4. Requirements
```````````````

4.1 Free Software
-----------------

4.2 Open Standards
------------------

4.3 Non-foreign services
------------------------

4.4 Integration
---------------

5. Proposed architecture
````````````````````````

6. Deployment
`````````````

Acronyms
````````
+------+--------------------------------------------+
| IMAP | Internet Message Access Protocol           |
+------+--------------------------------------------+
| LDAP | Lightweight Directory Access Protocol      |
+------+--------------------------------------------+
| PKI  | Public Key Infrastructure                  |
+------+--------------------------------------------+
| SIP  | Session Initiation Protocol                |
+------+--------------------------------------------+
| SMTP | Simple Mail Transfer Protocol              |
+------+--------------------------------------------+
| SOA  | Service-Oriented Architecture              |
+------+--------------------------------------------+
| XEP  | XMPP Extension Protocol                    |
+------+--------------------------------------------+
| XML  | Extensible Markup Language                 |
+------+--------------------------------------------+
| XMPP | Extensible Messaging and Presence Protocol |
+------+--------------------------------------------+

Bibliography
```````````````

* The state of mobile XMPP in 2016 - `https://gultsch.de/xmpp_2016.html <https://gultsch.de/xmpp_2016.html>`_

Commit message:

mentioning the public administration in the introduction

draft_en.rst, after:

A libre communication service for Bolivia
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

1. Purpose of this document
```````````````````````````
The purpose of this document is to describe the architecture of a communication service designed for the public administration of Bolivia.

The document is structured as follows.
Section 2 introduces the general context and analyses the legislative framework with regard to the Bolivian digital agenda.
Section 3 examines in detail the group of services included in the architecture.
Section 4 analyses the main requirements considered in the definition of the IT infrastructure.
Section 5 describes the architecture of the services.
Finally, section 6 discusses the deployment logistics and challenges.

2. Introduction
```````````````

Today’s technology is having an increasing impact on society. 
We are witnessing great advancements in telephony, networking, instant messaging and other communication channels. 
Electronic communication is transforming the way we work, the way we learn and the way we relate to each other. 
Furthermore, technology is changing the way governments deliver services to their citizens.
The quality and variety of services that a government is able to provide depend, among other things, on the quality of its ICT infrastructure.

Because of this reason, more and more governments across the globe have been making making moves toward the improvement and expansion of their web services and communication tools.

In this document, we focus on the public administration of Bolivia and the way its ICT infrastructure could be improved. 



2.1 Legislative framework
-------------------------

2.2 State of the art
--------------------

3. Services
```````````

3.1 E-mail
----------

imap smtp
description

standards

replaced technology

population served

human resources required

3.2 Chat
--------
xmpp

3.3 Phone calls
---------------
xmpp sip

3.4 Video calls
---------------
xmpp sip

3.5 Contact management
----------------------
ldap openid

4. Requirements
```````````````

4.1 Free Software
-----------------

4.2 Open Standards
------------------

4.3 Non-foreign services
------------------------

4.4 Integration
---------------

5. Proposed architecture
````````````````````````

6. Deployment
`````````````

Acronyms
````````
+------+--------------------------------------------+
| IMAP | Internet Message Access Protocol           |
+------+--------------------------------------------+
| LDAP | Lightweight Directory Access Protocol      |
+------+--------------------------------------------+
| PKI  | Public Key Infrastructure                  |
+------+--------------------------------------------+
| SIP  | Session Initiation Protocol                |
+------+--------------------------------------------+
| SMTP | Simple Mail Transfer Protocol              |
+------+--------------------------------------------+
| SOA  | Service-Oriented Architecture              |
+------+--------------------------------------------+
| XEP  | XMPP Extension Protocol                    |
+------+--------------------------------------------+
| XML  | Extensible Markup Language                 |
+------+--------------------------------------------+
| XMPP | Extensible Messaging and Presence Protocol |
+------+--------------------------------------------+

Bibliography
```````````````

* The state of mobile XMPP in 2016 - `https://gultsch.de/xmpp_2016.html <https://gultsch.de/xmpp_2016.html>`_
